Add install info to GIS applications (#1723)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/zonation.md

Zonation 5 is distributed as is, freely under [GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3 (#GNUGPL) (#GNUGPLv3) license.](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html)

## Citation

`Moilanen, A., Lehtinen, P., Kohonen, I., Virtanen, E., Jalkanen, J. and Kujala, H. 2022. Novel methods for spatial prioritization with applications in conservation, land use planning and ecological impact avoidance. Methods in Ecology and Evolution`

## Acknowledgement

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

> Zonation was installed to Puhti via Singularity. The Singularity definition file is available on [CSCs 'singularity-recipes' repository](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSCfi/singularity-recipes/main/zonation/zonation5.def) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zonation was installed on Puhti with Apptainer using [Zonation Apptainer definition file written by CSC](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSCfi/singularity-recipes/main/zonation/zonation5.def). The container was finally wrapped with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md). 
```
